now it came to pass when Rehoboam had
established the kingdom and had
strengthened himself that he forsook the
lure of the Lord and all Israel along
with him and it happened in the fifth
year of King Rehoboam that shishak king
of Egypt came up against Jerusalem
because they had transgressed against
the Lord with twelve hundred chariots 60
thousand horsemen and people without
number who came with him out of Egypt
but you believe and the so came and the
ethiopian and he took the fortified
cities of Judah and came to Jerusalem
then she mayor the Prophet came to Rio
Bern and the leaders of Judah who were
gathered together in Jerusalem because
of Shashank and said to them thus says
the Lord you have forsaken me and
therefore I also have left you in the
hand of shy Shen
so the leaders of Israel and the king
humbled themselves the Lord is righteous
now when the Lord saw her they humbled
themselves the word of the Lord came to
shamea
they have humbled themselves therefore I
will not destroy them but I will grant
them some deliverance my wrath shall not
be poured out on Jerusalem by the hand
of Shia Shak
nevertheless they will be his servants
that they may distinguish my service
from the service of the kingdoms of the
nations
so sure Shack king of Egypt came up
against Jerusalem and took away the
treasures of the house of the Lord and
the treasures of the Kings house he took
everything he also carried away the gold
shields which Solomon had made then King
Rehoboam made bronze shields in their
place and committed them to the hands of
the captains of the guard who guarded
the doorway of the king's house and
whenever the King entered the house of
the Lord the guard would go and bring
them out then they would take them back
into the garden when he humbled himself
the wrath of the Lord turned from him so
as not to destroy him completely and
things also went well in Judah thus King
Rehoboam strengthened himself in
Jerusalem and reigned now Rehoboam was
41 years old when he became King and he
reigned 17 years in Jerusalem the city
which the Lord had chosen out of all the
tribes of Israel to put his name there
his mother's name was Nana an ammonite
hiss and he did evil because he did not
prepare his heart to seek the Lord the
axe of Rehoboam first and last are they
not written in the book of shamaya
the Prophet and of Edo the seer
concerning genealogies and there were
wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam all
their days so rehabilitate in the City
of David
then Abijah his son reigned in his place
[Music]